[\u266a]
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt, anger]
PRINCE HYDRON: This isn't over, do you understand me?
PRINCE HYDRON: I will destroy Zenoheld.
[\u266a]
GUS: [chuckle]
Take it easy, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: Huh?
PRINCE HYDRON: I know that voice, it's Gus...
But he's supposed to be dead.
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
PRINCE HYDRON: I must be going crazy.
PRINCE HYDRON: Gus? Could that be you out there?
GUS: What's the matter? Afraid you're hearing voices?
GUS: Your father defeated me, but I'm alive.
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp] Well now...that was pretty dumb.
Your big mouth got you tossed in here for good.
GUS: Hmmmph.
GUS: What if I told you I think you're the only one
who can defeat your father?
And that I can give you another shot at it?
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp] But how?
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Ultimate Weapon
PROFESSOR CLAY: This is the alternative's final design.
What do you think, sir?
ZENOHELD: Hmmmm.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Finally, then sir.
You will be the ultimate conqueror.
ZENOHELD: Yes, Clay. Indeed I will.
JULIE: Hey everyone, it's cake tiiiiiiiime!
DAN: Cake time?
BARON: I didn't know this would happen.
RUNO: Ta-da!
DAN: What the...?
JULIE: Woo-hoo! Cake time!
MIRA: Woo-hoo! Cake time!
PREYAS: Hey, watch it! TIGRERRA: Ooooof.
MARUCHO: Huuuuuh?
[\u266a]
BARON: This is too awesome.
DRAGO: Why so glum, guys?
We wanted to throw a party for Keith and Helios to say...
MIRA/RUNO/JULIE: ...Welcome to the family, you guys!
KEITH: Huh?
[chuckle]
ALL: [laughing]
HELIOS: Hmmmmph. Humans can be so silly.
RUNO: Come on. Don't be such a downer, Helios.
JULIE: Yeah! No one likes a party pooper.
HELIOS: I'm not a poopy anything!
RUNO/JULIE: [laugher]
HELIOS: [angry growl] Girls...!
MIRA: We wanted to do this earlier
but...well you know how crazy things were.
ALL: [cross-talk]
KEITH: Thanks for doing this Mira.
MIRA: I'm just glad the happy times are back.
Hopefully, they'll last.
DAN: Man, my mouth is watering!
BAKUGANS: [scream/frightened]
DAN: I call dibs on the strawberry!
RUNO: Hey you! DAN: Ouch!
RUNO: How rude! We can't start without Keith and Helios.
DAN: Sorry.
KEITH: Huh?
MIRA: Is there something wrong, Keith?
KEITH: Sorry. I guess I... zoned out.
MIRA: Don't give me that, big brother.
I know you, remember?
KEITH: I'm telling you Mira, it's nothing.
MIRA: Baloney!
DAN: Let's go! C'mon!
MARUCHO: Go where, Dan?
But it's almost midnight.
DAN: Maybe it's the sugar from the cake talking but
just think...Instead of waiting around for
King Zenoheld to finish the Alternative...
let's storm the palace!
SHUN: At first light.
MARUCHO/ACE/BARON: Mmmm-hmmm.
KEITH: Whoa!
DAN: Come on Keith, eat up.
We've got a big day tomorrow, but for now we celebrate.
KEITH: Thanks.
KEITH: I had forgotten...how...
how unbelievably good it feels to fight as part of a team.
MIRA: Hmmm.
[\u266a]
ACE/DAN: [sleep breathing]
BARON: [snoring]
JULIE/RUNO/MIRA: [sleep breathing]
HELIOS: Can't sleep? Thinking about tomorrow?
KEITH: Actually, I was thinking of my father if
you must know...He must be...
...stopped.
HELIOS: And he will be. When you all hit the palace tomorrow.
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Tomorrow is not soon enough Helios.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Okay. Time to blow your little house down.
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Hmmm? What's the problem?
SOLDIER #1: Sir! The Vestal Destroyer is going to ram us!
SOLDIERS: [scream]
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: He's a dead man.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hi there.
ZENOHELD: Tell me why I shouldn't finish you on
the spot, Spectra.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Don't you want to know why I'm here?
ZENOHELD: All I care about is crushing you...
ZENOHELD: ...you annoying cockroach.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bring it on, old man...Let's go!
ZENOHELD: I'll take care of you, just like I did your lap dog!
SPECTRA/ZENOHELD: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
ZENOHELD: Gate Card, open!
ZENOHELD: Pyrus Farbros! Bakugan Brawl!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan Stand!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Okay, Helios...Bakugan Brawl!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bakugan stand!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Go Pyrus Helios Mk II!
MIRA: Hey Dan! Wake up! It's Keith...!
DAN: Whah?
ACE: What is it? What's wrong?
MIRA: I can't find my brother...anywhere.
DAN: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Guys. Something's up.
I just looked outside and I think the
Vestal Destroyer is gone.
DAN: Are you sure about that?
BARON: Huh? But where would he go?
DAN: Oh no, do you think...he went to the
palace himself?
DRAGO: It's possible.
MIRA: Why Keith?
MIRA: Keith! Be careful!
KEITH/SPECTRA: This time I'll finish you, Zenoheld!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: Ready for your thrashing, punk?
KEITH/SPECTRA: Why don't you bring it and I'll show you.
ZENOHELD: Alright then you...smart mouth.
Double ability, activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
ZENOHELD: Twin Horn Pulsar!
Plus Fire Spartan!
HELIOS: [pain]
ZENOHELD: [chuckle] Well, well.
That was easier than I could have thought.
HELIOS: Who is this old fool to think that a
little bit of fire could stop me?
HELIOS: Let's punish him for his arrogance, Spectra!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Okay then Helios...
I'll grant you your wish.
Ability Activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Exceed Charger!
KEITH/SPECTRA: With this ability, your power level will
increase until it is equal to that of your opponent's.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Time to have some fun, Helios. Enjoy.
HELIOS: I can feel the power surging through me.
[mighty roar]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ability Activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Chaos Powered Canon!
HELIOS: Come get some of this!!!!
PRINCE HYDRON: Hmmm?
GUS: Hmmmph.
GUS: Come on, Hydron.
Don't you want another shot at the old man after
he humiliated you?
Or do you prefer your jail cell.
PRINCE HYDRON: Just be quiet. I'm not ashamed of anything.
Do you understand that?
GUS: It's okay. I understand.
You're like a dog who's been beaten by his master
all his life.
Afraid of his own shadow. I feel so sorry for you.
PRINCE HYDRON: What did you say to me?
GUS: If you stay here, you'll never have to show
your face again.
I used to despise you, Hydron.
But now I see that instead of anger, I should have
had pity for you.
ZENOHELD: Now feel my wrath! Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Gallium Shield!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: Haaaaah!
ZENOHELD: Hmmmph! Do you see how easily I've deflected
your little pop shots?
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hmmpph. Why so defensive?
That's very telling.
ZENOHELD: Hmmmph.
KEITH/SPECTRA: We'll stick with offence.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hah! Ability Activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Chaos Boost Cannon!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaahhhh!!!!!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: [chuckle] Your pathetic little attempt at
a counter...doesn't scare me...Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Ramzana Arrow!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
ZENOHELD: Consecutive Abilities, activate!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [roar, pain]
ZENOHELD: When I said I was going to crush you
like a cockroach, I meant it fools!
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios!
GUS: That must be Master Spectra outside.
I can feel it. I must get to him.
GUS: It's okay, Hydron. I am here with you.
I know that you're scared, all alone in your cell.
But just try not to cry. Be brave.
PRINCE HYDRON: Who does he think he is?
PRINCE HYDRON: Listen you clown!
You'll be the one who's crying in a minute!
GUS: Haha. So...you gonna make me?
PRINCE HYDRON: You bet I am!
PRINCE HYDRON/GUS: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, Set!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan Stand!
PRINCE HYDRON: Go Subterra Dryoid!
GUS: Let's go, Vulcan! Bakugan Brawl!
GUS: Bakugan Stand!
GUS: Rise Subterra Rex Vulcan.
GUS: See, I told you I could get us out of there, Hydron.
PRINCE HYDRON: So you... tricked me into fighting?
GUS: Well, I didn't think asking politely was going to work.
Ciao!
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt, exertion]
PRINCE HYDRON: Whoa.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ha! Activate FARBROS D2!
ZENOHELD: Give up. Even hiding behind your puny Farbas system
won't save you from the punishment I'm about
to dole out.
KEITH/SPECTRA: [frustrated]
HELIOS: [pain]
ZENOHELD: Okay, Farbros. That will be enough.
ZENOHELD: I confess...
I was hoping you'd be more of a challenge, Spectra.
KEITH/SPECTRA: [chuckle] Zenoheld, you're an even bigger
fool than your son.
ZENOHELD: What's that?
KEITH/SPECTRA: Okay, no need to play dead anymore.
Get up, Helios.
HELIOS: If that's your best, now wonder you need
a weapon like the Alternative, old man.
ZENOHELD: Huh? What the?
How could he have possibly survived such severe attacks?
KEITH/SPECTRA: With the FARBAS D2 the opponent's
abilities are completely worthless for a certain
period of time.
And once those abilities have been activated,
Helios becomes immune to all of them!
I will defeat you...
KEITH/SPECTRA: ...and the alternative will never see
the light of day.
HELIOS: My turn to bring the hurt!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Go on, Helios! Destroy Farbros!
HELIOS: [rising, might roar climaxing with impact]
HELIOS: [exertion]
HELIOS: Haaaaaah! [laughter]
ZENOHELD: You'll pay for that you insolent swine.
Assail Formation!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: [snickering] Let's see you hold up under this
level of destructive power amateurs!
You won't last another second. Cockroaches!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Looks like we'll just have to
increase our power too.
Canister open!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Activate Ultimate System!
ZENOHELD: How boring. Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Shadow Crowley!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ability activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ultimate Smasher!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaahhhh!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hey! Get back here!
HELIOS: [grunt, pain with each blast]
HELIOS: [frustrated roar]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios!
ZENOHELD: Hmmmph! Are you scared yet, Spectra?
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hold on...Helios!
GUS: Ability activate!
GUS: Hammer Knuckle!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Gus? You're...?
GUS: Yes sir, I'm alive.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Well, what took you...so long then?
GUS: Sorry sir... but I was detained.
ZENOHELD: [laughter] Look at this.
How cute, a family reunion...Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Hyper Cell!
[\u266a]
GUS: Ability activate!
GUS: Mega Viblow!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Ability activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Parariddle Fire!
HELIOS: [rising roar] Haaaaaaahhhhh!
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Watch out Helios!
GUS: Are you sure you're feeling okay, master?
ZENOHELD: Bah! Time to roast these two little pigs...
Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Shiny Orichalcum!
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: It's time for you... to say goodbye.
GUS: I don't think so.
Master Spectra and I will have our vengeance!
KEITH/SPECTRA: I've got this, Gus.
Ability activate!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Quanark Cannon!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaaaahhhhh!
GUS: Fusion Ability Activate!
GUS: Drill Booster!
HELIOS: Haaaaaaahhhhh!
ZENOHELD: [angry growl] I have had enough of these two.
I wish they would stay long enough for me to stomp them.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Pardon me sir.
But I thought you'd like to know.
The Alternative is finally ready King Zenoheld.
ZENOHELD: Well, it's about time, Professor Clay!
PROFESSOR CLAY: [chuckle] Yah...
I apologize for the delay but I think you'll be
happy with the results.
Now would be a good time for you to leave the area.
ZENOHELD: Perfect. I'd love to see a demonstration.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Sire!
ZENOHELD: [chuckle]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Satellite Targeting System...
lock on, Helios!
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: Activate! Planet Killer Destruction Mode!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Fire!
[blast]
PRINCE HYDRON: What the...? [grunt]
Run Dryoid!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Soon the wake left by the
Alternative's light ray will swallow up everything
in its path. [maniacal laughter]
[\u266a]
HELIOS: Huh?
KEITH/SPECTRA: What is it, Helios?
KEITH/SPECTRA: What?
[\u266a]
[explosion]
KEITH/SPECTRA: [gasp]
GUS: What could cause such...destruction?
ZENOHELD: [maniacal laughter]
You can't hide for long, Spectra!
[maniacal laughter]
[explosion sounds]
[\u266a]
GUS: [gasp]
HELIOS: Is that what I think it is?
KEITH/SPECTRA: Yes, it's...the Alternative.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: [chuckle] That was merely a warm up.
Imagine their faces when we switch to full power.
ZENOHELD: I want to see...more, Clay!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Yes!
[\u266a]
ZENOHELD: [chuckles] At last, my ultimate reign of the
dimensions will finally begin!
GUS: I can't believe the Alternative is real now!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Quick! Let's go, Gus!
GUS: Yes! Right behind you.
[\u266a]
PROFESSOR CLAY: We've done it King Zenoheld.
ZENOHELD: Yes indeed we have, Professor Clay.
And now we will move forward to our next and final phase.
ZENOHELD: Conquering every world in existence, one by one.
[maniacal laughter]
KEITH/SPECTRA: The Alternative is even more
monstrous and terrifying in person.
The fact that it can blow an entire planet to
smithereens is unbelievable.
A weapon of unparalleled strength, I have no idea
how we're going to defeat it.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Luckily the other Brawlers have shown
up and are ready for battle.
It's going to take all of our strength and skill to
pull this off.
But we're ready!
KEITH/SPECTRA: This is going to be the battle of all battles.
You definitely need to tune in to check it out.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Time to finish this, Helios.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Let's go!
[\u266a]